MEGA MAN 2 ROBOT MASTERS PERSONALITIES 
(SORT OF; PLAYING OFF OF PRE-EXISTING)
Author: Elizabeth Bellissimo

METAL MAN:  The silent one of the group. He rarely ever talks, and when he does, it's usually to give advice or
look down on one of his brothers' actions. Prefers to act as backup for one of his other brothers, but becomes significally
more dangerous and sporadic when fought one - on - one. When fighting, he is a little more talkative and a lot more sarcastic,
and his aim is extremely precise. Though Quick Man likes to act like he is the head of the group, all of the second generation robots
know that Metal Man is the true leader.

AIR MAN:  Is the toughest looking out of the group, and while he has earned a fierce reputation (can't beat Air Man),
is actually one of the friendlier brothers. Truly enjoys fighting, and though he does have the intent to destroy his opponent,
likes to go out of his way to make an exciting battle rather than finish off his enemy immediately. Tends to spend his both his
battle time and spare time alone, and makes a hobby out of planning out future attacks on Monsteropolis and Mega Man.
Is not one for conversation, but if you ask him about himself he will spend hours giving you the answer.

BUBBLE MAN: Is the weakling of the group, but makes up for it in optimism and specialized talent. Is a clean freak and is constantly
spending excessive money, mostly on new organizational systems for the many Wily Fortresses. Despite having a weapon that even Wily 
admits is awful for combat, the Bubble Lead does have handy corrosive features that allows him to carve away at most metal surfaces, 
and combined with his waterproof systematics, is the only robot from his line truly capable of fighting in multiple enviroments. 
Becomes nervous a little easily, but or else is known to be calm and collected even when picked on.

QUICK MAN:  Is very arrogant and hyper all the time, but is the most loyal of the group. Besides Flash Man, who he argues with constantly,
he cares for his brothers deeply and is willing to jump in their way to (literally) catch a bullet or two. He talks almost as fast as he
walks, and never stops once he starts. Abuses his speed and boomerang powers so badly that his left optic is almost always glitching and
flickering from lack of energy. Does better fighting solo, but works well with Crash Man and Heat Man, as they both have very destructive
attack patterns that keep him on his toes and prevent him from getting bored.

CRASH MAN: Is the wild card of the group, and easily considered the most threatening. Though he can be pleasant at times,
he gets into trouble a lot for losing his temper, subsequetly causing the destruction of helpful equipment and/or ruining surprise attacks.
Admired by his brothers for always being forthright and truthful, even if his honesty tends to be very blunt and provoking. 
Always ends up in the wrong situation at the wrong time, and is constantly getting damaged, either through bad luck or sheer recklessness.
Probably Wily's least favorite of the second gens, therefore the doctor doesn't really try to keep tabs on or control him as much
as the others.

FLASH MAN:  Is a serious fighter who tends to complain and gets into a lot of small rifts with his brothers, namely Quick Man.
Is one of Wily's favorites and is secretly considered one of the more dangerous brothers, despite not having a very powerful blaster
to accompany his weapon. Gets teased a lot for being grouchy, but can find it in his heart to be caring at times.
Has also been known to steal little things (such as rings) occasionally when using his time stopping powers, and loves to fluster enemies
by attacking them solely during time pauses. 

HEAT MAN: Is extremely obnoxious and known to be the slacker of the group. Gets along with others without much issue, and works best
in a team enviroment, where he can coordinate his attacks with others. While he can fight really well, he tends to overestimate his
strength, which can lead to close calls or even his loss of the battle. Despite this, he is very resilient and defends himself well,
and always keeps in mind the strength and range of his weapon compared to his opponent's when fighting. Is constantly targeted by Metal
Man for slacking off from his duties, or for smoking in non-designated areas.

WOOD MAN: Is the peacekeeper of the group, and is very kind but firm with others. Loves spending time with others outdoors, but fights
best alone due to his tendency to worry way too much about his cohorts. Definetly is the easiest to befriend of the brothers, but also
is extremely loyal to Wily and therefore takes a lot of time to forgive dishonest actions. Works very hard at assigned tasks, but likes
to take his sweet time and isn't always the fastest option. Despite this, Wily is very quick to give him favor and praise (mostly
because Wily spent lots of time figuring out how to construct him, and is therefore very proud of his existence in general).
