MEGA MAN ROBOT MASTERS PERSONALITIES 
(SORT OF; PLAYING OFF OF PRE-EXISTING)
Author: Elizabeth Bellissimo

MEGA MAN:  Is generally very sweet and merciful, but in turn of recent events (the end of MM4) has become more... melacholy than usual.
Loves spending his time outside of the lab, helping as many people as he can, 
but his selflessness can cause him to sometimes get into more trouble than he's bargaining for.
While his brothers feel that he can be a little bit too nice sometimes, they do admire him in many ways,
and would to anything in their power to protect him (although it is likely that protection would cause more problems for 
Rock in a situation). Used to be very bouncy and enthusiastic about activities, but lately seems to spend them worrying about Wily -
and what to do about him. Dislikes fighting, and having fought so much only makes him dislike it even further.

ROLL:  Is an absolute angel, but will cut you to your knees if you try to mess with her or her family too much.
Very competitive when it comes to activities, but cares a lot for her siblings and will spend whole afternoons helping
them work or participating in any group events. Though Roll does not TRULY have a weapon like the others, 
she does have some extra abilities that Doctor Light gave her in case of an emergency (mostly because of what happened with Kalinka).
Drifts off often, and loves to make up stories based off what she thinks of. 
Very creative and curious, and enjoys helping Light with any projects that he comes up with.

CUT MAN: Is very overconfident and arrogant, but very brave as well.
While he's not the smartest robot in the bunch, he is one of the friendliest robots ever made.
Though his extroverted attitude can cause him to come off as annoying to others (especially his brothers, who have to live with him),
everyone knows that he means well, and that he will always have their back. 
Goes through hobbies very quickly, and previous collections and projects always end up jammed with the rest in a closet that his brothers
like to call the "Grave of Hobbies That Didn't Make the CUT". Isn't very good at listening to others, and often ends up messing up because
he didn't follow directions.

GUTS MAN:  Is the brawn of the family, but isn't necessarily lacking in brain, either.
Common sense is not his strong point, and while this causes him to say or do things that don't always make sense,
it also gives him a fresh standpoint compared to his more calculative siblings (namely, Ice Man + Elec Man).
Is very passionate about any work that he does, whether it be folding up Dr. Light's laundry, or putting entire pillars into place.
Tries his best to keep cool in any situation, yet somehow usually ends up more angry than he was originally.
Best friends with Cut Man, although the two of them occasionally get into little arguments (mostly one-sided on Cut Man's part)
about how certain situations get handled.

ICE MAN: Is the crowdpleaser of the group, and while he likes positive attention, this makes him to almost obsessively dwell
on any negative feedback that he gets. Very high anxiety robot, and sometimes has personality variable glitches that cause him
to shift out of character when he gets too nervous. Loves the winter season, and goes crazy crafting, displaying and hanging holiday
decorations when the days start to grow short and cold. Extremely intelligent, and finds excuses constantly to share his knowledge
of mathematics and the environment. Has more freezing abilities than just his Ice Slasher, but sticks to that one weapon in fear
that his lack of ability with the others may cause him to harm one of his comrades by accident.

BOMB MAN:  Is the party animal of the bunch, and loves to set up all sorts of chaotic situations in order to keep things interesting.
Of course, this is not always appreciated by the rest of Light household, who feel there is already enough chaos as it is.
While he isn’t quite capable of “reigning it in”, Bomb Man still goes out of his way to show off his skills and is the perfect right
hand man in any situation – so long as said situation doesn’t involve anything FRAGILE.

FIRE MAN:  Is considered the “gentleman” of the family, and likes to care for others. 
While at first glance, his never-ending energy causes him to seem like an overall trainwreck, Fire Man has excellent control over his
weapons and can utilize them in a variety of ways (making Ice Man rather jealous). This doesn’t stop him from becoming a little too
enthusiastic when around brothers like Guts Man and Bomb Man though, who can pose a bit of a bad influence on his personality –
FEEDING the FIRE.

ELEC MAN:  The youngest of the family, but by no means does he have “youngest sibling syndrome”. 
Elec Man is highly admired by his brothers both for his leadership skills and cool head, but serves as a concern sometimes too. 
His moral compass can be considered sketchy at best and dangerous at worst. While in general, Elec Man always wants what is best
for him and his brothers, this can backfire quite spectacularly as well since he is not above using his powers to protect them –
even if he is serving a punishment much worse than the crime. Nevertheless, while his personality is much different from his brothers,
his design is one of Light’s most admired creations, and Elec Man serves as an important member not just of Light’s lineup,
but for his services to Monsteropolis as well. Just don’t ask him to charge your phone, or he may charge you instead.

FIN
